Mr Beast welcome to figuring out I flew
all the way to India just to be on this
podcast I heard this is the number one
podcast you're like the Joe Rogan of
India I am the Raj chamani of India
let's just put it this way okay are you
all
ready start the timer what have you
sacrificed in order to reach where you
have I mean I literally sacrificed
everything how much are you spending in
a
year well over $200 million spent on
content this year between the Amazon
show and the main Channel if you
have to tell every YouTuber to ask
themselves three questions what would be
those three questions Step One is this
video original if you're driving down
the road and you just see a cow you're
never going to think about that again
but if you're driving down the road and
you see a cow and it's purple you're
going to look five times and you're
never going to forget that and I think
that same logic does apply to ideas the
second thing would be you know am I
truly putting as much effort into this
video as possible the third question
would be what am I improving from last
time if you had a podcast what would you
do what you really need to be focused on
is like how do I articulate better my
questions are more well researched and
I'm asking things that no other podcast
has asked this person so they feel like
they're getting more valueless
Relentless obsession with making a
better product how much money do you
make in a yoke
[Music]
I we all go through moments when we
urgently need to send something to
someone or get something from someone
but we often don't know about quick and
reliable delivery options and we end up
spending more money money while still
facing dealers that's where Porter's
amazing two-wheeler delivery service
comes as a savior for families
businessmen and young people whether you
need to deliver something at your home
for your parents pick up something from
a friend's place or send an important
Office document to someone Porter's
two-wheeler delivery service handles it
all quickly and at a budget friendly
price so now deliver anything anytime
anywhere
delivery just click on the link in the
description and explore Porter's
delivery options today our today's guest
is world's biggest YouTuber who has more
subscribers than the population of most
countries he loves breaking records and
recently broke 40 Guinness World Records
while filming his new show Beast games
we have missed the beast on figuring out
we spoke to him about his brilliant
content strategy how anyone can grow
Their audience from 0o to million
followers three very important questions
which every YouTuber should ask
themselves before making a video also he
broke down his entire business model of
chocolates brand Feast tables the crazy
story behind making his show Beast games
and in the end we challenged him to come
up with a viral idea for promoting my
brand VL home but before you start
watching this episode don't forget to
subscribe to rajamani clips and rajamani
shorts Channel because there we put
small clips of this long episode so that
you gain more insights in less time
every day and if you want to experience
an audio version of this episode then it
is available on Spotify so you can
follow us there as well go watch this
episode and watch it till the end
because this is one of the biggest
episodes and one of the biggest moments
for the figuring out and it's filled
with so many insights and such knowledge
that you'll thank me in the end now
start watching
it Mr Beast welcome to figuring out I
flew all the way to India just to be on
this podcast I heard this is the number
one podcast in all of India is that
correct yes you're like the Joe Rogan of
India I wouldn't like to call myself
that yes I am the Raj shamani of India
let's just put it this way okay uh and
so yep that's that's why I'm here U and
jokes aside thanks for having me on um
and yeah we were just thank you so much
for coming here let me tell you this
because we doing this forly uh you have
have no idea how many videos of you
being on podcast have seen and
implemented those strategies in my team
it's insane I mean I appreciate the kind
words so let's uh is there anything in
particular you want to talk about or
there are so many things I want to talk
about okay but because I have the
biggest YouTuber of the world I want to
make this more of guess a personal
consultation session more than okay you
know I have an important question
because you and Logan both came here
yeah and I see both of you has two
different creators mhm based purely
based on personality okay you have
that's an
understanding like you I'm not talking
about content at all I'm just talking
about let's say two really really famous
people yeah really really important
creators in their fields one is a very
humble Creator let's say you are a very
humble Creator you're always available
for people you told me that you spend 16
hours in line to help people like click
pictures with you that's insane right
and you've always been shown as someone
who's like just available loving out
there versus there's Logan who's like
outrageous he's loud he's a little
cocky a little douchy yeah like he has
his air about himself right yeah both
can be two important strategies which
strategy works better for a Creator in
order to build a long-term F fan
following and I'm purely talking about
Strate like being strategic about it
strategic which is better for fan
building being a a douchebag or being Mr
Nice Guy um honestly the strategy that
works best for the Creator is whatever
you really you are like you can't fake
who you are because people will see that
it won't come across authentic you
you're not going to be able to keep up
that facade so I think that's just like
Logan was like a state wrestler and that
is just kind of more who he is and so he
leans into it obviously that's not the
kind of guy I am so um I really like you
know have all the strategy in the world
when it comes to making the videos and
the thumbnail and that kind of stuff but
when it comes to your personality you
really just kind of have to be who you
are or it's just not going to work
because you really can't keep up a
facade like i' I was telling you I've
been doing this for 15 years now I
started when I was 11 I'm 26 now like if
I was trying to put on some facade of
you know being someone I'm not people
would know you know what I mean it would
come across right tell me what's
[Music]
the what have you sacrificed in order to
reach where you are what's your number
one like the biggest saice you've made
for the success you've gotten I got to
process that one for a minute uh the big
I mean what sacrifices have I made to
get here I
mean I I mean everything like
literally
I this is this is all I do this is I
mean this is literally Everything To Me
is This YouTube channel and I mean the
amount of times my mom cried because I
you know wouldn't go to Christmas
morning with because I was busy grinding
videos which you know I'm not that
hardcore anymore this Christmas I'll
spend it with my mom you know but back
in the day like and by back in the day I
mean like last year and every Christmas
before that really like you I wouldn't
take Christmas offs because I was like
Mom this like I need I need to be
grinding like I I can't like if what if
I take this day off and someone else is
working right so I I mean I didn't take
holidays off I didn't do really anything
like I didn't hang out with friends I
not I mean I don't regret this but I
didn't do do drugs or drink uh at least
much I've had alcohol maybe like four
times in my life like I I just just
obsessed over it and I I don't know it's
like I mean I literally sacrificed
everything there a lot of uh things
people do that are truly great like will
seem absurd at the start and you don't
really know how you're going to do it
but you just kind of do it one building
block at a time kind of like uh the the
Amazon show while I was napping so I was
catching up on some z's before the the
podcast I showed him episode one of the
Amazon show what did you think of it we
haven't talked about it yet we'll talk
about it we'll talk about it was insane
yeah it's crazy I'm not even the person
with game shows like I I enjoy your
videos once in a while but I'm not the
person who will watch like every every
video yeah I thought how will I watch
Like a 37 40 minute episode u i don't
even enjoy game shows all of that and I
was hooked it's so Grand it's so good it
was I was telling a team
guess what do you think was the best
thing about the show what what do you
think I would like
uh I probably liked the the contestants
right the character building yeah I that
was one like because I was hooked I
wanted somebody to win but that
turned out to be a rat so I don't want
to like there's this one guy in episode
one where I was churing for him M I
thought like he's the one who's going to
hold the team together and he turned out
to be the rat and he end ended up taking
the money I was so sad I was like
him like no no no no no but the best
thing which I liked was the way you
eliminate people oh dropped them oh
 that is so good that is that
is I should not say this but there's a
little bit of sadistic value to
it you feel so good about it well it's
also like uh so there there's a thousand
uh in episode one of our show there's a
thousand Towers right we had to build a
thousand of those and we had to you know
H build literally a thousand trap doors
and a thousand pits for them to fall
into and a thousand like that first
episode we spent uh almost $15 million
on is that just production yeah just for
the first epis and the prizes uh I don't
even know if that includes the money we
gave away in the first episode just
episode one yeah it was I mean like
but you could see the scale of it I mean
it's like it's Grand yeah it's so
that's like uh and I'm grateful you're
uploading this podcast on December 19th
so when you guys are seeing this that
means it's out on Prime video but that's
that's uh been basically like the last
year of my life we've been working on
that and it's like because the next one
thing I've really wanted to do is like
be able to YouTube videos they start you
build like characters and we're trying
to get into storytelling but they start
and end in a 30-minute video and you
don't really get time to develop people
and like uh did you see our videos where
we got like the 100 people each just one
through 100 and put them in cubes uh
don't worry our uh well just in a lot of
our newer videos on YouTube we've been
trying to focus on storytelling and
character building but it's just been
it's hard to like build them up and then
tightly so I really wanted to do a
streaming show so we could like Flex our
creative muscles and show like hey you
know I it's not that we don't know how
to tell great stories and we build
characters and do these like things it's
just like that's not what works on
YouTube but that obviously is what works
on streaming so let's do it and so like
to be able to because we've already
filmed it all obviously we like to do 10
episodes and like build these people up
throughout 10 episodes and have these
like seeds we plant and like be able to
I mean it's just like it was it's a
whole different ball game than YouTube
and I loved it and I'm like
so excited for people to be able
to watch it like I'm excited and I think
one thing which like stands out in this
is a grand level that's crazy it does
even second is you you can see it in any
language like you don't need a specific
language to understand what's going on
like I can watch that in in my own
language and like you dubbed yeah and I
can get the same kind of emotions like
the way it's shot the sound effect the
production grandor like it's just that
that first episode had more cameras
recording than any production in the
history of anything no no production has
ever used 1100 cameras recording at the
same time 1100 cameras 1100 we had miles
upon miles of cables ran we had to spend
millions of dollars to on server space
just to hold all the footage from all
the cameras cuz there's a thousand
contestants and we had we had a
dedicated camera for all thousand of
them and that was just episode one that
you saw there's nine other ones like
that and some of them are way better
than that and way more grandiose like we
mentioned it it like at one part we take
the contestants to a private island you
let them compete for it one of them wins
it we it's the $5 million which is the
largest cash prize in entertainment
history no one's ever given away $5
million before um and on top of that we
gave away so much more money in the show
it's saw yeah we broke over 40 Guinness
World Records offici official Guinness
World Records like I have the plaques
filming that show but who funds these
things um well so that show obviously
Amazon paid a lot for but I also lost a
lot of money filming it because we burn
through all the money Amazon gave and I
was like no I want to keep making it
better and better so actually my YouTube
videos If you go on my Channel right now
are actually a little cheaper than what
they used to be because I have to
supplement like the am the Prime video
show because I over spent so much on it
which is kind of funny um but I threw
everything I have about it and that's
where I'm excited man because it's also
like last year I uploaded 22 Main
Channel videos this Amazon show that I
did is like 10 videos that are all
bigger than my biggest video ever so
it's like crazy to be sitting on it
because right now as we're filming this
it's not out when it when they watch
this will be out but it's crazy to be
sitting on this much content I've never
sat on I'm sitting on 6 hours Mr content
which is more than what I uploaded last
year right now just waiting to drop this
show and it like I mean we filmed 15
hours a day for like 45 days straight
just on the Amazon show so it also
created a lot of stream my YouTube
channel because I had to film a bunch of
YouTube videos basically take two months
off YouTube and then right when we
finish filming the Amazon show I come
back and we you know we burn through our
our videos on YouTube and now I had to
so there was like a um which I haven't
really been able to talk about this some
podcast but there was like a 120 days
where I was like filming every single
day cuz I had the stockpile YouTube
videos so I they could go film every day
for Amazon and then I had to come back
and refilm for YouTube and it was like I
like this was my travel schedule at one
point like I I flew to Canada spent a
couple weeks in Canada filming then I
flew to like LA to speak at a conference
and then I FW from LA to San Francisco
to speak at another conference and I
flew to Germany to launch festivals and
film a video in Germany with a bunch of
creators around fetival then we flew to
the Netherlands to did you watch our new
video where we did the $1 versus
$500,000 experience uh well we ate
dinner in a hot air balloon for video um
and then we flew to the Canary Islands
to film on a submarine which is off the
coast of Africa then after that we flew
to Dubai to ride a camel for a dollar um
no that wasn't even the Virg cifo it was
just a film camel for a dollar and a
couple other things in Dubai then we
flew to I believe it was Oklahoma to
help uh we we have a video coming up
where we help 2,000 people walk again so
there we helped the dozens of people get
prosthetic legs and walk for the first
time then I flew to Guatemala um and
spent two days there helping more people
walk in then we flew to Ecuador spent
two days in Ecuador to help hundreds of
people walk in then we flew from Ecuador
to Florida to help hurricane victims
Florida to Raleigh to do the zero
gravity space thing and then from
Raleigh back to Dubai which is because
the Birch Khalifa wasn't ready when I
went there the first time so I had to
fly all the way back just to stand on
top of the Burge Khalifa and then after
that we flew I mean it was I like I was
I didn't like sleep in my own bed for
like two months I mean I was just flying
flying flying flying flying crazy yeah
it was so it like because uh and before
that it was 45 to 60 days of just
straight filming for the Amazon show so
it was like and which we didn't film
that in my hometown we filmed that in
Canada so I was like I remember coming
back to my bed after all this travel and
I was just like is this is this my house
I was like shocked I was like just
is this my table this is my dog I have a
dog how's he going dude that's a lot of
work that's that that's why you are
where you are but tell me tell me the
whole process how do you plan this thing
this series I'm talking about specific
the Beast games right oh boy like give
me give me like step by step how many
steps are involved obviously you can't
tell everything because it take like 5
days but give me like the short version
because because it's insane to to think
and the other thing is you don't even
know whether it'll perform or no so how
do you proof check that your is that
crazy like I threw everything we put
everything I have into this like and how
do you check it like at every point oh
this will work this will not work
because you have to have Blind Faith you
have to have that's the thing I don't
know right technically I don't know if
this will perform or not but I I mean I
I lost a lot of money filming this
outside of the money they gave me like I
said I I threw all my people at it how
you lose okay give me that uh tens of
millions like I poured tens of Millions
on top of the money I was given um to
make this work um so you didn't make any
money out of it oh no no no I I would
have way more money if I Never filmed it
like way more money why do you do I mean
let it be like I think tons of podcast
have asked you the same question because
the goal here is to make the greatest
show possible it's not to make money
right like I which you can see when you
watched it like you can tell like the
goal is just to make phenomenal content
but yeah so obviously step one is you
you you just like I've I've had this
I've wanted to do this for years but we
just kind of had to figure out what
would make this different than a typical
reality challenge show because uh one
thing I think you might have noticed
when you're watching it's like I don't
if you watch normal reality shows like
they do a lot of cutaways and takeaways
so like something will happen and they
cut to someone like in a room like you
know that they filmed after the show and
and get their thoughts on it which I
don't like there's a lot of things that
normal reality shows do that I didn't
like and so step one was like how are we
going to be different right just like on
YouTube we didn't do what everyone else
did we formed our own lane I wanted to
figure that out so uh you know watched
quite a few reality shows and just took
notes on like I don't like that they do
this I don't like that this I don't like
that um and then once we kind of figured
out like what I think first principle
first principles wise would be an
optimal reality show like again I don't
care what other people do what do we
think a 21st century reality challenge
show should look like once we you know
kind of wrote those principles out then
you know wrote the whole thing rewrote
the whole thing rewrote the whole thing
which this wasn't me I I have a
phenomenal team of people who who do a
lot of this because obviously I'm also
still grinding YouTube 25 days a month
filming and everything we already talked
about so I had to Le on like these just
World Class People I have hired um and
this is did youire anyone specific of oh
yeah yeah so we one like one day on on
the Amazon show like as it was leading
up to before we were filming I walked on
set there was over thousand people on
set some of them building sets other of
them riding some of them running cables
for the camera I mean like it's like
absurd like so but yeah so step one is
you got to write it which I mean we
probably rewrote the show like at least
20 times I mean it's like cuz you don't
really know what's possible Right like
at one point I wanted to do this thing
that we didn't end up doing which is
like I wanted to go in a desert and when
we had 50 contestants I wanted to get
like 50 machine guns so picture like 10
machine guns and then below it another
10 machine guns another row of 10
machine guns another row of 10 machine
so like five rows of 10 machine guns
each and then I want to put like a
mannequin really far out in the desert
and then everyone has a different color
bullet and be like all right everyone
shoot that mannequin and get like this
cool slow-mo shot with like a phantom
camera of everyone just firing these
like machine guns like uh mounted ones
at it and it's like okay 25 of you hit
the thing then they stop um and then we
we like pull the bullets out of the
mannequin and then what I was going to
do is have those 25 people go up top and
there's like a platform above the
machine guns it was basically what we
were going to do is give them um a bag
of uh you know money and then at any
point in the next seven days they could
drop that bag the 25 they press the
button the 25 people at top and the bag
will fall and then the 25 people that
down below if they shoot it before it
hits the ground they move on but if they
don't then um they're eliminated and so
then it's interesting because I thought
I thought this would be like a great
episode it's like so the 25 people blow
that are like on these guns like how
what of the 50 machine guns do they stay
mounted on like how do they do Cycles
because you got to sleep and you're
going to lose attention so do you do
like two sets of 12 or three sets of
eight or whatever and then the people up
top U you know are they going to try to
drop the bag at night during the day and
they can drop it on the left side the
right side and they can see the
formation of the people down below and
then we were going to give them like
three decoy bags so like they could drop
them to see like what times the people
are pay I thought this would be really
cool um right so we have this thing we
put all this planing effort into it and
then it's like yeah you can't just have
50 machine guns spraying in a desert and
so it ends up not happening and that's
not a thing but so that because we're TR
writing things that have never been done
before you don't know and so it's a lot
of like I think this is sick let's do it
and then people like that's not possible
and I'm like figure it out and they're
like that's not possible like figure it
out and they're like that's not possible
and then I'm like okay maybe that's not
possible all right I'll rewrite it you
know or the team will rewrite it not
specifically me have phenomenal guy
named Tyler who directs or helps me with
a lot of the stuff and so like we
legitimately rewrote the show like 20
times here's a hypothetical question
hypothetical question okay if it really
works and breaks all the records yeah
what would be the one reason why it'll
work and if it really tanks what do you
think will be the reason it'll tank um
the reason why I think it would work is
I mean we just again we just looked at
it from first principles like we didn't
like we hired the best in the world to
help make the show that have done the
best unscripted stuff but you know we
just didn't do things the way they
normally do like like after we finished
filming the show we had like I had like
we threw this after party to celebrate
with the crew it was great everyone's
having a good time I had so many
different um of our producers and people
who worked on the show come up to me and
go like I've worked on unscripted shows
for 20 years decades and like they're
like this is the most unscripted
unscripted show I've ever been on like
you guys didn't tell people how to act
you guys just let the contestants you
created this own mini world where the
contestants were just them and you just
captured it and you had the
infrastructure to capture and you didn't
make them be people they're not and like
a lot of these things and um uh so
that's one reason why I think you'll do
well and other is like no one's ever
built sets like these like that first
set you saw like you could fit all of
wipeout in there you could fit all of
Jeopardy in there you could fit all of
American Ninja Warrior all three of them
in there and it still wouldn't be as big
as that first so the grandios of the
sets I mean no one's ever had this many
contestants no one's ever had this large
of cash prize we gave away more money
than any game show in history but um no
I don't I I just don't think it will
well I hope so
do because I also hope like I hope this
crushes to a degree where other creators
can go look Amazon look Netflix like Mr
Beast did well like trust me I know my
audience let me make a show because
right now the Trust In creators on
streaming platforms at all time low like
a lot of platforms have done stuff with
creators gotten burned the shows didn't
do well um they weren't received well
like the Tomato why do you think it's
not working for a lot of creators
um I truthfully the biggest thing is
like a lot of these creators are they
don't make these kind of big budget
things and then they go into uh
streaming and then it requires them to
scale up like I did but they don't have
that experience so it just crashes a
burn doesn't feel authentic but you know
also a lot of them were years ago you
know I mean more and more creators are
becoming like you you have 40 employees
now like you know what I mean like uh
more creators are becoming entrepreneurs
and like building small mediumsized
businesses and so I actually do think
there are a lot of creators now that
would do well on streaming um it's just
streaming platforms just need to take
him serious and I also I know a couple
people who they would kill me if I named
him so I can't name like I know one who
did something with the streaming
platform can't name it he would kill me
but the you know I was catching up with
him while he was working on the show
with them and they constantly cut like
jokes out and be like that's not what
our audience wants and it's like he'd be
like confiding in me and he'd be like
what do they mean like the audience is
my audience like this person got good
views on YouTube but like the streaming
platform was like making him dumb down
his humor making him pull certain things
out like they're like the exacts were
kind of just like you know and he wasn't
really as proud of the final product as
he wanted to be and um so it's not only
just like getting streaming deals but
then it's also like giving the creators
the Liberty to like make what they know
their audience once right from the
streaming platforms because because like
yeah you could like if they gave you a
deal but then they started telling you
what questions you need to ask and like
oh you need to act this way and blah
blah and you know and then you're like
stuck between well if I don't listen to
them do I get a season to or not um and
then you do it and the show kind of half
performs because it's not and so just
like changing how that whole thing works
I think would be great where creators
can just be like trust me they trusted
Jimmy look what happened and then
creators get more trust they can make
better shows let's talk about Creator
economy a little okay uh what do you
think about podcast what do you think is
there a future oh of course I mean look
at uh you know uh Joe Rogan with the
election recently and him having you
know Trump on and JD Vance and like you
know being able to like for them to go
around the traditional media and just
speak directly to Their audience through
podcast like that was incredibly
powerful whether or not you agree with
their political beliefs or anything like
the fact that they could do that right
if it wasn't for podcast how does I
believe I mean it'll probably be higher
when this comes out but I believe the
Trump interview right now is on 50
million views on right like how else
would Trump have been able to speak to
million people how else would 50 million
people have been able to see like a
window into his brain you know which is
almost what a podcast is so no I think
it plays a a very important role and I
don't I think they're just going to keep
growing do you think it's gotten super
competitive um well it's the same as
YouTube like you people would say
YouTube's gotten super competitive but
you you were telling me you started your
channel two and a half years ago yeah
and you're killing it yeah so I mean no
I think like
there
like there's just how many people are
actually making great podcasts so um no
I think podcasts are going to keep
growing and and becoming more and more
powerful and um it's just like the
you're always going to want to see a
window into people's brains you know
what I mean and like unless there's a
new medium to do it like yeah I I just
see it being more and more important to
be honest if you had a
podcast what would you do like what
hacks would you put out to actually grow
it crazy it's just
like just focus on making the best
content possible like even now like it's
funny because you listen to my old
podcast I'm
so uh data focused and that kind of
stuff but now I just kind of like look
at ideas and I'm just like is this
objectively a good video that people
want to watch and when we write the
videos I'm just like is this good
content that people want to watch like I
just it's more just focused on it's
always been focused on make the best
video possible but even more hardcore
now than ever and it's uh there really
is no like if you wanted to be a top
podcaster is not you can do these little
gimmicks or things or whatever but what
you really need to be focused on is like
how do I articulate better how do I make
sure there's not awkward moments with my
guests how do I um get it where my
questions are more well researched and
and I'm asking things that no other
podcast has asked this person so they
feel like they're getting more value
listening to this and all these other
things which I wouldn't call growth
strategies or hacks I would just call
like Relentless obsession with making a
better product you know here's my
dilemma as a Creator and as I'm asking
personally and I'm sure a lot of
creators have the same thing right yep
so when I am let's say making the
podcast with you or with anyone right
I'm thinking about how do I make the
best because but the way I think or the
knowledge I have or the the kind of
stuff I'm going through in my life best
for me would not resonate with a lot of
audience okay so like the questions
which I would ask would be so subjective
to just me but I didn't say make the
best podcast possible for you I just
said make the best best podcast possible
so how do you how do you different like
how do you actually pinpoint that
difference like this is the this is the
question which maybe the audience wants
to know and this is the question which
you want to know um and I'll give you an
example if you want okay so let's say I
know for a fact that the moment if I ask
you a question that how much money did
you spend on in making this show this
particular clip will fly like this will
turn out to a real or a Tik Tok and
it'll just go everywhere and become a
headline like I know this right so for
audience this question is important but
for me like probably the most important
question is should I should I and other
creators stick to Hindi and just create
content in our local language or try to
go Global like both of these questions
are really important yeah but one has
such a small audience and the other has
such a big audience which one do you ask
see that's where and this is going to be
uh an answer you might not expect I
would say if you're having to choose
between here's a question that think
what people would be interested in do
really well uh and then here's a
question that I would be interested in
but don't think do really well my answer
would be come up with more questions and
find one that you're interested in and
would do well right like um that's just
kind of my two cents right like uh you
could it's like uh with ideas we kind of
had the same thing in the past where was
like these are our videos that um would
do really well um but I like just don't
want to film or I don't think maybe look
good and then these are videos that I
think would make me look good or I'd
like to film but they don't do well the
answer was always okay stop being lazy
come with more ideas you know what I
mean like okay how many ideas you today
on 50 well come up with 500 come up with
5,000 eventually you'll find an idea
that is both viral that you want to do
that fits whatever you're trying to hit
okay talking about creators what are the
top three ideas you have for somebody
who's watching this and want to pursue
content creation as a career what are
the kind of channels they can make or
the type of cont they should make yeah I
you've listened to my other podcast you
probably have a inkling of what I'm
about to say but who the cares what
I I think or what content should they
should do like your their videos are
going to be trash they just need to make
videos make a 100 videos you know
improve something every time ideally
make a thousand but still where do you
see like the specific Niche like give me
one or two but if the think is it
doesn't matter they shouldn't do content
because I said oh this Niche is
undervalued or or whatever they should
just do what they want to do
and then they should just make an
asinine amount of videos improve
something every time and then um and
just get to the point where they're
objectively making good videos just go
make content like you're going to suck
at it you probably will suck for a long
time you'll probably quit well before
you start making good videos because
that's just what it is and we need to
weed out the week anyways like a
thousand 10,000 people will hear this
500 will act on it 400 will quit in the
first year another 90 will quit in the
next and then of those 10 not five of
you are going to quit the year after
that and then five of you are going to
be Psychopaths they'll do it for five
years and in five years you'll have
honed all these skills and you'll
probably be pretty good at it and
everyone's going to say you got lucky
and obviously there's luck involved in
it but you're just resilient and you
grinded and you didn't give up and you
got to the point where luck could meet
the hard work you know true true that's
that's that you know tell me about India
do you also see this as a view farm like
a lot of creators around the world
youarm like India has what percentage of
your views come from
uh long form or short form long form and
short form give me uh I think long form
it's maybe
7% uh it's not that big then no I mean
because we're like we get um like Mexico
or is uh bigger for us or like Spanish
like I think Spanish we get like 15
million views a video like Spanish is
huge for us um lots of Mexico lots of
South America like it um uh but shorts
especially because you Tik tok's banned
here I think it's like 13 14% so you
guys are definitely over indexed on
short form for us um no I mean view far
I mean I get tons of views like I don't
need a view farm I don't see anything as
a view farm I just see it as I heard
like a big Creator I can't name him a
while ago when I was talking about six
seven months ago they said a lot of
American creators they see India as a
view farm but Indian Indian views
doesn't give them any money oh yeah you
definitely uh I mean that's not just
India though like my Spanish views my
like a lot of the languages like um a
lot of the languages I dubb into like I
know the RPMs are low which for your
viewers and they're probably more
educated but in case it's not obvious
you know in America people are making on
you know on average whatever $60,000 a
year we'll say where's what's the
average income here in India like so
I'll go for per capita so per capita
here is 2,500 exactly so people just
have less discretionary spending so um
you know they're not uh yeah just like
the amount of money you you would you if
you theoretically would spend you know a
penny to get an ad in front of someone
in America here you'd spend one 100th of
a penny so you'd have to get like
theoretically that's a little extreme
maybe like one uh 20th of a penny so you
you'd like you'd have to get uh to make
what like to what you'd make on a
billion views in India You' probably
make the equivalent on let's say if it
was like an 80 cent RPM and you had an
$8 RPM you'd probably make off of the
same amount of money off 100 million
used in America right so like um one10
yeah so like for you it's like that's
crazy right like uh if an American
Creator getting 100 million views would
theoretically make just as much as you
getting a billion um which is like wild
to think about but um but no none of
that matters to me at all like I just
I'm just trying to reach as many people
as possible and my goal is just to you
know make the best of you as possible
reach the widest audience possible I
really don't I don't care if there's no
Revenue in India I would still dub my
videos in Hindi I would still come here
I'd still wob blah like I'm not um I
mean I know that's ironic CU I'm here
launching my product but yeah that's
because this is what this is was this
was going to be my next question because
then the pricing of your product becomes
very important for Indian market yeah
how much do you sell it for in us one
bar like one in the US those right now
uh single bar is $257 which is like and
in India how much would you sell for uh
that one we there's a lot we got to
figure out there because uh we're I want
to manufacture These Bars in India um
because you know you guys obviously have
like Imports uh stuff and it just be
more cost effective instead of making it
somewhere else and shipping it here and
blah blah blah blah blah blah so I don't
really know where all that's going to
land the thing is right now we're only
the reason why I'm not as like up to
speed is we're only in 10 stores here
which because we we don't we we need our
bars everywhere else in the world so we
we we uh Prime launched in um I believe
thousands of stores or whatever but we
we only put feasts in town which is like
nothing obviously um but it's because we
couldn't make enough so it's not like
the we launched here but it's kind of
like a soft launch you know um we're
we'll probably scale up in India later
next year once we actually figure out
how do we make these bars at scale where
it it's actually affordable for people
here and um I also potentially I'm I'm
lining up some big collabs with febles
too for India because I like I really
want people in India to know like I care
a lot about this country and so we're
probably I can't say who but going to do
like a Feasta bar with a very large
Indian Creator which we haven't done in
any other country and stuff like that so
it's like I would say we we haven't
really launched here we're just it's
just kind of like a fun trip here and
put it in 10 stores so some people could
try it if that makes sense so right now
it's not like a full-blown launch no no
yeah I mean I would be doing way more if
it was yeah if you want any help with
connecting with a lot of like
manufacturers who can manufacture India
let me know I'll put you up like a lot
of let's do it that great I know like a
lot of them okay like a lot of them who
manufacture for Nestle for rer for Mars
for like all of these people in India
okay and and what's the number one
chocolate selling brand in India I don't
I haven't even deeped up the market yet
Cadbury Cadbury that that's what I saw
when I was at a store earlier today I
was just looking at it it looked like
they were like half the Shelf face the
big thing is just it's going to be price
obviously because people just don't have
as much money to spend in um we we do a
lot for febles on the ethical side of
know making sure like sourcing needs to
be something which is yeah exctly really
problematic for yeah yeah do you are you
aware of Tony shalone no uh they they're
a chocolate company that ethically
sources their Coco and um we partnered
with them and so we we like yeah we we
all our feasable Farmers we use um uh
fair trade and on top of that we pay our
Farmers a living wage and we do a lot of
stuff like that so um like basically
Tony's chalone who we partnered with on
their supply supp chain Tony's open
chain they calculate here's how much a
it's a living income reference point
here's how much a farmer needs to make
to be able to make a living income so
this is how much they need to make per
metric ton of cocoa beans they sell to
you and blah blah anyways it's just like
a metric where it looks at the cost of
like theoretically bread inflation
everything in West Africa and so we pay
based off of that all we make like if a
farmer sells us beans and they don't
make enough money off those beans to
meet this threshold then we we'll pay
extra on top of it just so they make
enough money where they can live so we
pay our Farmers to live wage they're
fair trade certified and we're doing a
lot of projects in West Africa and the
communities where we're sourcing our
beans to help them and like we're right
now building schools over there and um
and then we have there's cmrs which is
like child labor and mediation which
checks in on the farms make sure there's
not child labor that kind of stuff and
trying to you know like I don't want
child labor and I want to make sure our
Farmers make a living wage and fair
trade certified so I I'm very aware yeah
there's a lot of messed up stuff in the
Coco sector and feast is doing
everything in its power to show that you
don't need to do that and that's that's
one of the things I wasn't aware when I
got into chocolate how messed up it is
um so but because of all those things
we're doing over there and I don't have
the scale like a company like catary
that's why we are a premium brand which
your is it for you uh your three
probably well so the first year we were
only online which was uh obviously dumb
no one goes online to buy chocolate but
I did I really didn't know any better
like I I uh I I had to like learn all of
cpg through trial and error like I
didn't have a mentor I didn't like what
I know now I mean oh my gosh like what
do you know now oh yeah well it's like
give me give me I yeah if I was talking
to like young like me four years we're
probably on year four now um if I could
just talk to me four years ago I'd just
be like bro why are you selling online
only no one buys chocolate online like
almost all chocolate sales are in retail
locasion like what are you doing so we
were D to see like the first eight
months which was dumb um but I think we
in uh there we sold like 20 million
online though like just chocolate which
who does that that was crazy I saw a
short I I saw a short video some creator
with explaining that Mr Beast did $22
million on sales based on traffic of
your website uh in a year yeah uh for
febles or merch or feasts first de uh
yeah that that's probably right because
that was the only way to buy it and we
did like the golden ticket stuff and
things like that somewhere somewhere
around there I've just done everything
in my power to educate myself on every
little thing because you you know uh
that way I know what's going on in
supply chain Etc but um so I wish I knew
a lot of that sooner too because it just
would have been better to set it up like
this at the start and um that kind of
things but yeah it's uh just Al a lot of
I don't know like we had to reformulate
the bars because like our our first one
people just didn't like the flavor and
the repeat purchase rate wasn't there um
and so like having to we we oh these
card so here I'll show you like uh we
there used to be a thing where if you
grabbed one of these bars right like
this see how the other ones slide
forward and our first uh iteration of
febles when these slid forward like that
they would all fall out of the box and
um so we had a major problem where pack
problem yeah where uh it was a cardboard
box engineering problem where we uh I
walked into Walmart one time and there's
like a chocolate like the chocolate a in
Walmarts in America are massive we're
talking like 100 feet wide like there's
so many products chocolate products on
there I counted every single broken bar
in the entire chocolate a there's 74
broken bars across the entire chocolate
a we that we were 1% of M and 72 of the
74 broken Bars were febles we were like
95% of breakage but we were only 1% of
the Shelf space and um and it's because
we didn't engineer our boxes properly
and so when you grabbed bars the others
would lean forward and sometimes it
would cause the box to tip and then um
The Compound on that is like our bars
now we have these like uh ridges on them
so like uh you know they they have these
natural break points where it's not as
extreme so like if you snap this bar
right here on a break point it it's
still fine like the bar looks fine even
when you open it it doesn't destroy the
consumer experience I mean I prefer it
not but before we didn't have these
break points so it was basically like
the bar was just a giant pane of glass
so when it fell like this it would
shatter yeah and so then there's like
then it would all come down here and
then so it would it was bad like really
really bad so we up on the box uh
we also we now do cold seal on the
things here so we can get it closer to
the bar so the the wrapper is way
tighter we used to do heat seals on on
our manufacturing lines so because of
that you don't want to melt the
chocolate so you had to have uh more
space between the chocolate and the seal
which gave it more wiggle room which
made it way more prone to Breaking so we
switched the cold seal so now the
wrapper is tighter so it hugs it better
so it's way less prone to braking we
also made the bar a little bit thicker
so it's a little more durable so like I
mean I messed up in every way imaginable
like the Box all of these things you
learned on the way yeah exactly like the
box was not engineered correctly uh the
bar was too was too breakable the
packaging was not tight enough and we
didn't have the Machinery so we had to
like completely switch that to where we
could and I I bro I didn't know the
difference between hot seal and cold
seal I just was like oh everyone just
seals it the same way no it's like
that's why our rappers weren't tight
enough and so we had to switch to that
and um I mean I could go on and on and
on I mean it was just even like the way
the branding looked like even these
These are uh it's funny here here's a
great case study uh look at the
difference between these two boxes I
assume that camera over there can see it
notice how like uh see how this orange
strip down here is small and this red
one's bigger so this is a newer feal box
this one's probably whatever like four
or five months old um so another problem
is when all the flavors were side by
side it was really hard from a distance
to tell which flavor was which so even
after I engineered the new boxes we uh I
updated the colors now now it's like if
this was the newer one the newer orange
is also uh a little bit brighter so now
you can from a distance actually be able
to tell the flavors where it was a lot
harder before so that was like I'm on
like version like 12 of these
things right that was like the
difference between version 11 and 12 um
yeah you can even see how see how that
has the black stroke that doesn't have
the black stroke right here the all new
bars see how there's more leg and
visibility yeah and you can probably
even tell like on the side the bar pops
a little bit more see how there's a
black stroke on the world's best
chocolate so that's more readable from a
distance uh the old right here it says
enlarge to show detail right and they're
like oh legally we have to put that
there and I'm like why this is this is
actually smaller than our bar we're not
enlarging it and like I had to like 1 V2
lawyers and they're like eventually
they're like yeah you're right you don't
I like why you see cuz the old box it
says enlarg and I was like why why and
they were adamant and I was like why and
then eventually they they conceded and I
was like yeah I don't understand um and
uh you know you can look at the top here
see how it says milk crunch I mean and
then it used to say 10 bars on the the
left this is an old thing we used to do
because when we were D Toc you'd buy the
carton yeah but in retail no one's
buying the carton so this 10 bars is
irrelevant and I want people to have
more focus on the product so I got rid
of those words there I mean I've like I
have have obsessed over every little
thing on these bars every little uh
here's another thing right um see this
black text at the bottom it says milk
chocolate with peanut butter um so
that's because this is an older box and
it's not there well the new one it's on
the bottom here because you don't need
to put it on the front and it just looks
way more appealing without it there like
this that just looks ugly there I don't
like it so I moved it to the Bottom now
your focus because it says milk crunch
here and it's clearly chocolate you
don't need to write it right there and
so I mean I've obsessed over every
little thing from like the divots on the
bars to the like ratio of peanut butter
inside the bars to the packaging I mean
it's it's just been continuous
Improvement and through just Brute Force
and tralon erir and if I could go back
in time and just like tell all these oh
I mean it would be CU like like
switching the bars from like these glass
pane things in these boxes like these
are things where like you I have to shut
down production and like literally halt
everything for eight months even little
little things like um like stories I've
never told like uh I wanted to do like
we we at one point made like uh cookies
like just fees cookies I was just
curious to see how they would do um
received pretty well I and so like back
this was back before I was like super
involved in knew every little thing
going on in the weeds and uh I was just
like here let's just try some like we
made like uh these gluten-free cookies
what like not nothing too crazy and put
them in some Walmarts cuz and they sold
well velocities were good but I wasn't
too passionate about it and I was like I
really just mostly want to focus on
chocolate and you know we had these like
gummies we do with Carl but for the most
part I just want to focus on chocolate
and I really want to obsess over
ethically sourcing chocolate yeah and
like how we can like make an impact and
like show the world that you can
ethically Source it um and so then I was
like don't worry let's just kill the
cookies thing we ended up losing like $5
million on on like this little trial
thing we're doing for the cookies and
it's like these little things man
because you're like a startup and we
like you know and I didn't have much
experience and I wasn't as like in-depth
in like running everything and I was
just like this is crazy man but
that's an important lesson for all the
creators who are trying to make their
product
that they really need to be hands on
it's not going to be working on
autopilot it's not going to work when
they are just going to be like oh let it
be my audience going to buy some
like they really need to obsess over it
the way you obsessed it because I'm so
I'm so happy like you put it out I speak
to so many creators here in India
specifically talking about building
products and stuff and what are their
views most of them they just think that
no matter what they put out people will
buy even if they're put
but they buy it two times three
times selling something one time is not
a business that is just a uh I don't
know that's just it's money that's just
some but a business is getting someone
to buy something 10 times a year for the
next 10 years you know that's a business
which agreed they're not and but the
thing is I own Feast tables and so
that's where it's different like if if
if they I would advise most creators
just partner with some like if you
wanted to launch Candy go partner with
Ferraro you know and just like do candy
with them and let them handle this
logistic supply chain manufacturing
Finance distribution Etc and you just
Market it right and just get like a
 20% off the top royalty deal
that's what I think most creators should
do like they shouldn't run the business
because agreed like they're the they'll
never like most Creator businesses are
just going to go up to sell one and then
the rep purchase rate's not going to be
there and then they'll go they'll just
end up shutting it down within five like
95% of creative Brands right now five
years from now will not exist and then
but you have to think of the opportunity
cost for the Creator because imagine an
inverse scenario where instead of
launching popcorn promoting popcorn a
bunch promoting promoting promoting
promoting promoting for two years and
then realizing oh this isn't working out
then slowly shutting down over the next
two years and you're essentially net
nothing because it's very hard to be a
profitable company um uh now imagine
that where you basically best case
scenario it's a wash let's say they
don't lose any money versus one where
instead of promoting the popcorn they're
doing brand deals and it's like someone
who's getting $50,000 a brand deal and
they do brand deal brand deal brand deal
brand deal brand deal brand deal brand
de brand deal brand deal brand deal over
the course of four years like there's
multi-million dollar net difference and
that's assuming you don't even invest
that multiple millions of dollars in the
stock market and the gains and stuff
there like the opportunity cost is
actually massive and I think a lot of
creators starting brands are just wildly
messing up like I think they would be
way because most of them aren't
entrepreneurs and they're just going to
fail they' be so much better off just
doing brand deals and putting that
effort into their content um or like I
said just doing a royalty deal with
someone who actually knows what they're
doing someone who knows how to do
exactly because like the odds of them
running a product at scale and you know
having 20% margin and being able to do
all these things are happening it's just
not going to happen for most these
creators whereas if they just yeah we're
like fero let's sell $4 bag of gummies
everyone bag I sell give me 80 cents and
put this Nationwide like they could
make pretty good money doing that do you
think in India it'll work like the
Creator Le models are the celebrity Le
models because in US celebrity Le brands
has always worked m well not like the
thing is I wouldn't say like it has
worked for everyone exactly like time
and time again a lot of people there are
celebrity brands in America that have
worked yes like Conor McGregor I believe
uh his whiskey crushed um like Ral Kim
Kardashian yeah Kim Kardashian SK Kylie
Jenner yeah so there uh but there like
you just listed maybe half of the actual
truly successful ones so that's where
you cuz where you got to look at like
over the last 20 years years you know we
could probably count on our two hands
the amount of actual real there are case
studies where that the brands have
worked right feille is doing good Prime
is killing it right in India we
haven't seen like around the world I
haven't seen other brands like do you
think it'll work in this part of the
world
um well this is where I'm ignorant
because there has to be celebrity brands
or something that I've done well around
the world I that can't just but uh yeah
do I think there'll be an implosion
where it will start working for more and
more people kind of like like America
um I it's hard to say because like uh
the
um I don't know
like like uh virra Coley if he wanted to
do something with Cricket like he could
obviously have the most successful
Cricket line I don't know if he does I I
don't I'm not as big of a follower of
him but he has a bunch of Brands under
his okay but so so you said a bunch
right and that's what like Ronaldo and
Messi and like big athletes do but they
tend to do a lot of Brands but if I Coy
theoretically was just like I'm just
doing this one thing and he just was
like he tried to become like the number
one Cricket gear and and he hired like a
world class team and blah blah like he
could right I mean I don't know much
about the guy I just know he has an
absurd amount of followers and people
worship him so it it's that's where
you're asking do I think it will happen
no but could it happen yes right it's
just extreme focused and people just
have to want to do it and assemble the
right team I want to pick your brains up
on making of video okay so let's say
let's give you a product okay and how
would you promote and how would you
think about marketing this particular
product okay just give me let's
say blender a blender a blender like
that's an easy one because there's
actually a a viral blender back in the
day that uh I don't I think blend de
like they just Blended like all ion
exctly yeah they had a series called
little blit so I mean honestly I would
just bring back a modern version of that
and like what would you do give me I
mean literally like I think they did it
back in the day and it worked really
well me and you both know about this
blender from 10 years ago so clearly it
worked I remember their blender was so
good they would put an iPhone in there
and it turn it to dust and I think but
would you do the same thing again for
the video to perform um because it has
already been done yeah maybe not that
per say but what would
think about it
blender
H uh blender blender what what's the
product differentiation is it just the
same blender as every other blender it's
a godamn good blender godamn good blend
it's a really powerful one really
powerful blender so for $100 you cannot
get something as powerful as this okay
it's the most powerful blender for
$100 I
mean this am I famous or am I not famous
yeah you're a Creator you're famous
okay then I mean Step One is I'd
probably go get Gordon Ramsey to blend
stuff and make a meal with it and get
get it associated with Gordon Ramsey
there's another YouTuber Nick let's say
not not
famous you really think on like a
different level I'm just um well then if
I'm not famous and I just have a good
blender that's not that much
differentiated um yeah
then this is where it's hard because my
my true answer would be I would spend
more time focusing on the product
because marketing isn't what builds a
sust I mean maybe I can't say that
definitively but majority of the time
it's not the marketing that's going to
like for $100 for a good price you've
really made a powerful blender which
doesn't lose nut nutrients has like all
the things which like a blender does and
is let's say Plus+ two version of an act
like a normal
blend I'm trying to put like constraints
and trying to think about how can you
make a differentiated version of what
what does a blender do so it just like
smoothies juices make help you make food
yeah I mean gravies what else what but
what inherently at first principles is
it just a blade that spins really fast
and just transforms things right that's
the most first principal way of looking
at a blender so I
mean yeah it's it's hard I mean some of
the first things jumping in my mind are
um but no that's not vir
I got to think of how would we make this
viral I mean another
thing again this is where if we're just
purely thinking marketing right we're
not talking about product like uh I
would here's the thought I had I was
just too lazy to act on it but if I was
in this spot like I would figure out who
the set designers are on every major
studio and then I would just be like yo
I'll get like just replace their
blenders like they don't care you know
and then just try to get in movies that
way right see if like like i' I've heard
stories from Friends of like who have
products I won't say because I want to
ruin what they got but they they're like
they just figured out like this was the
prop guy for these movies and like I
just gave them this like $200 worth of
product for free and then it just ended
up in the movies right but they you know
but you would have to paid hundreds of
thousands of dollars for product
placement but I just went around the
marketing team and I just like figured
out who bought the things and just I was
like hey just buy this I'll just give it
to you for free and they like didn't
think too much of it so I would like my
mind's jumping into like little things
like that right like and then it's like
maybe making a short like here's how I
got my blender and 10 big movies you
know what I mean um and that would pop
off like Logan did a short one time
where he like had prime um he sat
Courtside and like had a prime bottle
there and he was like here's how I got
Prime and NBA and that short did really
well and I thought that was a little
creative um so like something like that
would be cool I mean my mind keeps
jumping to like smoothie competitions
and things like that but they're that's
just not viral um that's uh
so Ian yeah it's all in the constraints
of like what are you doing right because
like for me I can make it interesting in
my videos like when I'm doing like an
experiment video did you see that video
where we like put a train in a pit and
we yeah we l 100,000 fireworks in a
house so then like the third bit could
be um you know making a giant version of
the blender and putting a car in it
right and that would be interesting and
I'd be like if it you know this is the
same spec same everything just enlarging
and if it can blend a car it can blend
your smoothie you know what I
mean if we're trying to portray the
power of it sick I asked you this
because I own a blender brand oh really
I didn't even know yeah because you
answered so well like let me gift you
this holy you know what's funny
while I was thinking I was looking at
that over there too there you go thank
you thank you that's crazy I just got
played do the grenade
one kidding so this is a product with me
and another YouTuber oh and it's 100 $
and it's
powerful that's funny bro your audience
is probably going to be like there's no
way Jimmy's just
stupid no there are so many
differentiators but I didn't want to put
that out because I wanted to play like
completely dumb and like with
constraints because that would made more
sense so I wanted to give to you this
this is by one of the biggest food
content creators in the country okay him
and me we partnered together because my
background is business so I handle the
business side of the things which you
were explaining and he handles the
product and like marketing and doing
things like that going into retail is a
big deal because you have to bet big you
have to like if you were to launch in a
th000 doors and you know you got to even
just like we have more demand than we
can sell yeah on online online good good
but we want to really take it slow and
let we want to make it make sure that we
get it right because product is the most
important thing yeah okay here's the
last question okay so tell me like
what's your biggest fear for the future
of content
creation and this for you and for every
content creator I'm not too fearful of
anything for us personally I think it's
long as they keep obsessing making great
videos and hiring the best people and
reinvesting everything like the product
will just speak for itself but in terms
of the whole Market
um I mean there's I don't know to me
there's not much to be a afraid of like
YouTube's still growing year-over-year I
don't see it slowing down anytime soon
um I think like the monetization
possibilities for creators are only
getting better and better and um yeah
there's never been a better time to be a
creat do you think this Ai Ai and all of
this is not
scary technically like now you don't
need to be in your videos you can do AI
modeling and do the same thing not
really we're not at that point yet the
voice models just aren't there yet like
they just you can tell when it's AI
voice and when it's real right it's like
we're working with the best companies on
the planet uh 11 Labs has the most
realistic voice model right now and it's
just not there so voice isn't there
which I think will be the first but
actually replacing ourselves with AI in
videos nowhere near close but I
I do think it will be there in the next
so I think that's going to be the first
thing that dramatically AI changes a lot
of things for a lot of creators uh
because like we use AI for like because
we have so much footage after we film so
we use AI to like if I'm like oh we
didn't mention feasts in this video
before they'd have to go back and watch
thousands of hours of footage not
thousands but like comb through a bunch
of footage to find it now we have ai
just transcribe our video and they just
search feals and it'll pull up every
time it's mentioned which has been great
we um use AI for like thumbnail mockups
oh which is funny I actually uh we put
up a I am I employ a lot of thumbnail
artists and a lot of thumbnail designers
I spend hundreds of thousands of dollars
a month on thumbnails and we the thing
is we just to like help our thumbnail
people with inspiration we put up like
this job posting of like just an AI you
know um I don't even remember just like
someone to come up with AI Concepts like
so just to give our our thumbnail team
something to work off of it wasn't
replacing a job or anything but like
Twitter went crazy when we post that and
they're like you Jimmy pay your pay
artists stop trying to put artists out
of jobs and it's like they went nuts and
it's like guys I it's so hypocritical
because I have more thumbnail artists on
payroll than anyone else on YouTube
probably times 10 like the amount of
money I hate thumbnail artists and
people who work on my thumbnails is
ridiculous and I'm just I just wanted to
hire one person to help them with
inspiration for their work and make
their lives a little easier and people
just like went on a giant Crusade
against me um which is uh insane yeah
but I mean that's my the world I live in
now but um yeah voice and then the video
thing but no anyways I don't I don't I
to people listening I wouldn't worry
about it now no put your head down grind
um I mean be on top of it the best thing
you could do would be have an AI
Mastermind or know someone who is on top
of it um because you know most people
watching this probably aren't techsavvy
enough like me where we know everything
and on the bleeding Cutting Edge but if
you're not just know someone who is you
know what I mean so you're not too
caught off guard and you know you're you
can see things three six months out and
you don't want to find out like AI voice
is replacing real voice like a year
later like you found out I'm using audio
tracks a year later you want to find out
three months before it happens not a
year after it happened so as long as
you're in that position and you're
surrounding yourself with the people who
can keep you informed I I think you'll
be fine okay here's a question if you
had to put if you have to tell every
YouTuber every YouTu
around the planet okay do ask themselves
three questions before they make a video
or even start thinking about a video
what would be those three questions
H it can be relevant for somebody who
has 100 subscribers and to somebody who
has like 50 million
subscribers I would say step one is this
video original you know because that's
like I I listened to this Ted Talk one
time which I mean this is pretty obvious
but I think it's a good seed to plan
people's head where the Ted Talk person
was explaining how if you're driving
down the road and you just see a cow
you're just going to look once and look
ahead and not you're never going to
think about that again but if you're
driving down the road and you see a cow
and it's purple you're going to look
five times and you're never going to
forget that and I think that same logic
does apply to ideas right when you're
scrolling through YouTube if it's you
know if your idea is the cow idea
they're going to look and they're going
to keep scrolling but if you're the you
have the Purple Cow idea they're going
to look five time they're going to have
to click on it so just sounds cringe
because I'm just making this up on the
spot but like first question is like is
this a purple cow idea or is this just a
cow idea um I don't know I just pulled
that out of my ass um the second thing
would be um you know am I truly putting
as much effort into this video as
possible like a lot of a video can
always be better you know what I mean
and like I don't know should I I I'm a
firm believer it's much easier to get a
million views on one video than 10,000
views on 100 videos you know what I mean
and so like are you making that million
view video or this is if your goal is to
like be as big as possible whatever if
you're just trying to have fun then who
cares ignore everything I'm saying but
like you know is this uh is that a
million view video is this that or is
this like just another drop in the
bucket 10,000 that's not going to move
the needle
um and then the third question would
be um yeah what am I mean what am I
improving from last time because I I'm a
big believer like to be the best you
just it's just like you're making at the
start you're making 10% improvements
then you're making 5% improvements then
1% improvements every video then half a
percent then 0.1% then 0 Z 1% but they
just keep stacking just a
NeverEnding like thirst for Learning and
like what did I improve this video what
am I learning this video because that
every time you learn something if you're
truly on like the mindset of I'm going
to do this for the next 20 years I don't
think you is going to go anywhere then
learning something is going to pay off
insurmountable dividends because now you
could apply that that knowledge for the
next 20 years you know so always be
learning always be improving so what am
I improving would be the third question
good I think even though you just made
it up it sounded wise yeah what do you
think about my purple Cal I I actually
it's a said Goden thing right like I
think said g in said it uh I don't
remember I was just oh really I was just
like watching random the greatest
marketers in America interesting I was
literally just watching random TED Talks
I don't remember anything except the
purple Cal analogy I just I was like
that's a great way to put it yeah it's
it's a good way to put it he's one of
the big big marketers there he also
wrote a book called all marketers a
Liars really it's a pretty interesting
book I love how you know everything
about him I'm just like yeah he said
something about a purple
cow yeah okay how much money do you make
in a y like $5 maybe yeah sure but no
like what a good year investing you keep
reinvesting everything right yeah so
well I mean I could tell you like I
obviously I can't say how much we do in
Revenue but I could tell you like uh now
we're probably spending $3 million in
average a main Channel video plus
obviously you have millions of dollars a
month and employees and overhead and you
know all this other stuff so I mean how
much are you spending in a yo um on
YouTube videos this year plus salaries
plus overhead yeah on on I mean on
content this year I'll just across
everything from Tik Tok because we have
a big Tik Tok we we we do a lot of
shorts so it's not even just long firm
anymore we do really big shorts like
some shorts I'm spending six figures on
now like I'm we're doing a lot now um
well over $200 million spent on content
this year between the Amazon show and
the main Channel and all these ancillary
things we're doing um yeah it's getting
pretty crazy insane $200 million you're
spending yeah well over 200 million on
content this year I saw a post on I
think some wealth page or some like
that okay some page where it showed top
10
influencers to highest top 10 highest
paid influences of 2024 and you were
number one yeah Forbes just released
that a couple I only know because
everyone texted me it yeah is that
number two $100 million I thought it
said 85 yeah some somewhere close yeah
it said 85 85 million yes well thank you
so much that up almost all my questions
I wish that we could spend more time
together but no but honestly I think
this is a good time for them to go watch
Beast games on Prime video right now
they already will and they must have
watch it already right now now thank you
so much for watching this episode till
the end please let us know in the
comments what did you like about this
episode and what you didn't what are the
other topics and guest who you want to
see on the episode on this podcast so
that we can get them for you and provide
you all the value and insights that
we're already doing for you
please comment and let us know also send
this episode to at least one person
whose life is going to change after
watching this episode and understanding
this conversation and don't forget to
subscribe this channel because the more
you subscribe the more we grow the more
we grow the better and the bigger the
guess we get just like this episode I'll
see you next time until then keep
figuring out
[Music]